Add docs for Netskope Transaction events (#1512)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/cloud_and_saas/netskope/netskope_transaction.md

uuid: a0716ffd-5f9e-4b97-add4-30f1870e3d03
name: Netskope Transaction Events
type: intake

## Overview

[Netskope](https://www.netskope.com/) is a cybersecurity company that provides solutions to protect data in cloud apps and network security while applying zero trust principles.

!!! warning
    Important note - This format is currently in beta. We highly value your feedback to improve its performance.

{!_shared_content/operations_center/detection/generated/suggested_rules_a0716ffd-5f9e-4b97-add4-30f1870e3d03_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/a0716ffd-5f9e-4b97-add4-30f1870e3d03.md!}

## Configure

### Prerequisites

- Access to Sekoia.io Intakes and Playbook pages with write permissions
- Administrator access to the Google Cloud console
- Configured PubSub Lite subscription

> ### Create and download JSON keys (service account credentials)
> 
> To use a service account from outside of Google Cloud, such as on Sekoia.io, you must first establish the identity of the service account. Public/private key pairs provide a secure way of accomplishing this goal. When you create a service account key, the public portion is stored on Google Cloud, while the private portion is available only to you.
> 
> !!! Note
> 	By default, service account keys never expire.
> 
> 1. Go to the Service accounts page
> 2. Select your cloud project
> 3. Click the email address of the service account that you want to create a key for
> 4. Click the **Keys** tab
> 5. Click the **Add key** drop-down menu, then select **Create new key**
> 6. Select **JSON** as the Key type and click **Create**
> 
> !!! Important
> 	Clicking **Create** downloads a service account key file. After you download the key file, you cannot download it again. You will need it on the following steps on Sekoia.io.
> 
> Find more information on the [official google documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/keys-create-delete).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create and download JSON keys

The Netskope Event Streaming rely on [Google Pub/Sub lite](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs).
To collect transaction events, you will need a subscription key:

1. Connect to the Netskope Admin console
2. Go to `Settings > Tools`
3. On the left panel, click on the `Event Streaming`. If the section is not available in our Admin UI, please contact the Netskope Support.
4. Go to the `Subscription Key` section and click on `Generate and Download key`

Find more information about the subscription key on the [official google documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/keys-create-delete).
```
